✨Custom training options (#1260)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Website: content/events/customized-courses.mdx

---
title: ''
seo:
  title: Customized Courses
  description: Get the hands-on knowledge you need
_body:
  - eventDurationInDays: 1
    price: 4000
    _template: EventBooking
  - prose: true
    centerAlignedText: true

>     content: "## Keep up with the latest developments on Microsoft Technologies\n\n✅Hands-on training\n\n✅High quality material\n\n✅Real world examples\n\nWe believe that everyone should have access to expert advice. SSW provides high quality hands-on developer training so you can stay in front. Our instructors have substantial experience and speak at development conferences around the world and material is presented in a workshop type format featuring real-world scenarios.\n\n## The Perfect Training\n\nSSW invites you to maximise your investment in Microsoft technologies. Led by technical expert Adam Cogan, Database Services Manager for SSW and a Microsoft Regional Director, the seminars will guide you through the latest Microsoft technologies and help you improve your development processes.\n\nGet a head start by attending SSW's series of seminars and conferences led by industry experts.\n\n✅Hours are customizeable and flexible\n\n✅Our trainers can come to you\n\n✅Wide range of topics on Microsoft technologies\n\nWhether you want to improve your skills, project or resume, SSW can help you achieve your goals. Our courses cover a broad range of topics in various formats from full-day workshops to evening courses that spans across ten weeks. Small group size guarantees close individual attention given by our knowledgeable and passionate trainers.\n\n> Many thanks to the fine folks at SSW... for coming to our offices and providing the training we needed specifically.\n> —— HILLIP CLARKSON\n\n> \"Eric and SSW have been fantastic. They brought significant experience and pragmatic advice to BuzzNumbers. As a result of their engagement we have implemented a full Project Management process that has dramatically improved team productivity and software quality. SSW had the technical know-how and the direct business implementation experience to deliver on-time results that were above our expectations\"\n> —— NICK HOLMES\n\n## Developer Training Courses and Events\n\nMaximise your investment in Microsoft technologies. Led by technical expert Adam Cogan, Database Services Manager for SSW and a Microsoft Regional Director, the seminars will guide you through the latest Microsoft technologies and help you improve your development processes.\n\nView and sort our index of SSW\_[events led by industry experts](https://www.ssw.com.au/ssw/Events/Training/Courses.aspx).\n\nYou can also check our\_[Schedule](https://www.ssw.com.au/ssw/Training/Schedule.aspx)\_to see all upcoming events.\n\n## Power Sessions and Customized Training\n\nPower sessions are developer training presentations focusing on specific subject and are generally 1-2 hours long. They are packed with practical tips on .NET, SQL, Silverlight, Visual Studio and more. Perfect for when you're trying to dig deeper on a particular subject or just want to learn something new. Sessions are rotated on various events and roadshows around the world all year round, including SSW's own\_[Tech Breakfast](https://www.ssw.com.au/ssw/Events/SSWTechBreakfast.aspx)\_and\_[.NET User Group](https://www.ssw.com.au/ssw/NETUG/Sydney.aspx). Meet with fellow developers and discuss pretty much anything.\n\n[Have a look at all Power Sessions](https://www.ssw.com.au/ssw/training/Sessions.aspx)\n"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    content: "## Keep up with the latest developments on Microsoft Technologies\n\n✅Hands-on training\n\n✅High quality material\n\n✅Real world examples\n\nWe believe that everyone should have access to expert advice. SSW provides high quality hands-on developer training so you can stay in front. Our instructors have substantial experience and speak at development conferences around the world and material is presented in a workshop type format featuring real-world scenarios.\n\n## The Perfect Training\n\nSSW invites you to maximise your investment in Microsoft technologies. Led by technical expert Adam Cogan, Database Services Manager for SSW and a Microsoft Regional Director, the seminars will guide you through the latest Microsoft technologies and help you improve your development processes.\n\nGet a head start by attending SSW's series of seminars and conferences led by industry experts.\n\n✅Hours are customizable and flexible\n\n✅Our trainers can come to you\n\n✅Wide range of topics on Microsoft technologies\n\nWhether you want to improve your skills, project or resume, SSW can help you achieve your goals. Our courses cover a broad range of topics in various formats from full-day workshops to evening courses spanning across ten weeks. Small group size guarantees close individual attention given by our knowledgeable and passionate trainers.\n\n> Many thanks to the fine folks at SSW... for coming to our offices and providing the training we needed specifically.\n> — PHILLIP CLARKSON\n\n> \"Eric and SSW have been fantastic. They brought significant experience and pragmatic advice to BuzzNumbers. As a result of their engagement we have implemented a full Project Management process that has dramatically improved team productivity and software quality. SSW had the technical know-how and the direct business implementation experience to deliver on-time results that were above our expectations\"\n> — NICK HOLMES\n\n## Developer Training Courses and Events\n\nMaximise your investment in Microsoft technologies. Led by technical expert Adam Cogan, Database Services Manager for SSW and a Microsoft Regional Director, the seminars will guide you through the latest Microsoft technologies and help you improve your development processes.\n\nView and sort our index of SSW\_[events led by industry experts](https://www.ssw.com.au/ssw/Events/Training/Courses.aspx).\n\nYou can also check our\_[Schedule](https://www.ssw.com.au/ssw/Training/Schedule.aspx)\_to see all upcoming events.\n\n## Power Sessions and Customized Training\n\nPower sessions are developer training presentations focusing on specific subject and are generally 1-2 hours long. They are packed with practical tips on .NET, SQL, Silverlight, Visual Studio and more. Perfect for when you're trying to dig deeper on a particular subject or just want to learn something new. Sessions are rotated on various events and roadshows around the world all year round, including SSW's own\_[Tech Breakfast](https://www.ssw.com.au/ssw/Events/SSWTechBreakfast.aspx)\_and\_[.NET User Group](https://www.ssw.com.au/ssw/NETUG/Sydney.aspx). Meet with fellow developers and discuss pretty much anything.\n\n[Have a look at all Power Sessions](https://www.ssw.com.au/ssw/training/Sessions.aspx)\n"
```
